Add note for 7.x branch (#555)
kiegroup/droolsjbpm-knowledge: .github/pull_request_template.md

**Thank you for submitting this pull request**

**NOTE!:** Double check the target branch for this PR.
The default is `main` so it will target Drools 8 / Kogito / Optaplanner 8.

> If this PR is not strictly related to a project in `drools.git`, it should probably have `7.x`as a branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this PR is not strictly related to drools and kogito project in `drools.git`, it should probably target `7.x`as a branch
```
the formulation in if sentence is a little bit abstract ;)
